♪♪
WELCOME TO YOUR NEW HOME.
MRS. DAVENPORT!
WHY. THANK YOU.
MR. DAVENPORT.
ABSOLUTELY.
MRS. DAVENPORT.
WE GET IT--
YOU GUYS ARE MARRIED.
IT'S GETTING OLD.
WOW!
YOU GOT THIS BIG HOUSE
JUST FROM INVENTING THINGS?
MM-HMM.
WAY TO GO. MOM.
THAT'S A HUSBAND.
WHAT THE HECK IS THAT?
OH. UH...
THAT IS MY LATEST CREATION.
DAVENPORT INDUSTRIES' FIRST
COMPLETELY INTERACTIVE 3-D TV.
( beeping. humming )
( organ plays "Charge!" )
( crack of bat hitting ball.
"crowd" cheering )
WATCH THE VASE.
TERMITE!
MOM. I THINK THE LITTLE VOICE
INSIDE MY HEAD IS BACK.
NO. THIS IS EDDY.
HE'S MY SMART HOME SYSTEM.
EDDY. THIS IS
MY NEW STEPSON. LEO.
REMEMBER. I TOLD YOU
LEO AND TASHA ARE
MOVING IN TODAY?
HEY. WELCOME.
EVERYTHING HERE IS MINE.
UH. LEO. WHY DON'T YOU
GO CHECK OUT YOUR NEW BEDROOM?
JUST GO STRAIGHT
DOWN THAT HALLWAY.
AND WHEN YOU SEE THE ROOM
WITH THE VIDEO GAMES
AND THE ACTION FIGURES
AND THE 50-FOOT-SCREEN TV.
KEEP WALKING--
THAT'S MINE.
THIS PLACE IS HUGE!
I'M GONNA NEED A GPS
JUST TO FIND THE BATHROOM.
( whooshing )
( electronic beeping. humming )
HELLO?
( Leo screaming )
( bell dings )
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
WHOA!
MY NEW DAD IS BATMAN!
( beeping )
GOOD LUCK GETTIN' IN!
THAT STEEL DOOR IS
THICKER THAN YOUR HEAD!
( loud clank )
WELL. THERE'S
ANOTHER WAY TO GET IN.
GIVE ME BACK MY ePOD!
I DON'T HAVE IT!
HEY.
YOU TOOK MY ePOD!
TAYLOR SWIFT MEGA-MIX--
REALLY?
I FIND HER SOOTHING.
( zapping )
OH. I KNOW YOU DIDN'T
SHOOT THAT LASER AT ME.
OH. SORRY. IT WAS
A TERRIBLE MISTAKE--
JUST LIKE YOUR FACE.
AAAAAH!
AAAAAH!!!!
AAAAAAH!
AAAAAH!
( all screaming )
( Leo squealing )
Narrator:
THE WORLD'S FIRST BIONIC
SUPERHUMANS.
THEY'RE STRONGER THAN US.
FASTER. SMARTER--
THE NEXT GENERATION
OF THE HUMAN RACE IS...
LIVING IN MY BASEMENT?
♪♪
All: AAAAHHH!
OKAY. I DON'T PLAY
THIS CARD TOO OFTEN. BUT...
MOM!!!
LEO!
LEO! THERE YOU ARE!
OH! ( laughing )
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
WHO ARE THEY?
UH--
THEY. UH. ARE...
A BOY BAND I'VE BEEN
WORKING WITH.
UM. AND THE TWIST IS.
ONE OF 'EM'S A GIRL.
ALL RIGHT.
THEY'RE PART OF
A SECRET PROJECT
I'VE BEEN DEVELOPING--
GENETICALLY ENGINEERED
SUPERHUMAN SIBLINGS.
TASHA. LEO.
MEET ADAM. BREE AND CHASE--
THE GREATEST COMBINATION
OF BIOLOGY AND TECHNOLOGY
EVER DEVELOPED.
I DON'T WANT TO BRAG.
BUT I AM INCREDIBLY SMART.
DON'T LOOK AT ME--
I TOLD YOU TO STAY AWAY
FROM INTERNET DATING.
SO THEY'RE ROBOTS.
WHOA!
HEY!
OH. NO. SHE DIDN'T!
NO. TASHA. THEY'RE HUMAN.
I'VE JUST GIVEN EACH OF THEM
A UNIQUE SET OF BIONIC ABILITIES
CONTROLLED BY
A MICROCHIP IMPLANT
IN THEIR NECKS.
IT SOUNDS A LOT MORE
COMPLICATED THAN IT IS.
SEE. ADAM IS ALL BRUTE STRENGTH.
AND BREE HAS SPEED AND AGILITY.
AND CHASE HAS SUPER-SENSES
AND A SUPERIOR INTELLIGENCE.
( laughing ) DONALD--
HI--
THERE ARE CHILDREN...
LIVING IN OUR BASEMENT!
THIS IS A SCIENTIFIC HABITAT.
I MEAN. LOOK AT IT--
IT'S GOT A GAME ROOM
AND A ROCK WALL--
ANYTHING A KID COULD ASK FOR.
I'VE CREATED THIS PLACE
SO THEY CAN TRAIN
IN THE UTMOST OF COMFORT
AND TECHNOLOGY.
IT'S TRUE. THE TOILETS
HAVE SEAT-WARMERS THAT TALK.
WHAT DO THEY SAY?
IT VARIES. DEPENDING ON--
NO.
DONALD. I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO MAKE OF ALL THIS.
SOME NEW WIVES GET SURPRISED
WITH A HONEYMOON IN HAWAII
OR...A CRUISE.
BIONIC TEENAGERS WERE NOT
ON OUR WEDDING REGISTRY.
HONEY. THEY HAVE TO
STAY DOWN HERE FOR
THEIR OWN SAFETY.
THIS IS ALL VERY TOP-SECRET.
BUT AS SOON AS
THEIR TRAINING IS COMPLETE.
THEY'LL BE ABLE TO HANDLE
ANY CRISIS OR PROBLEM
THAT THE WORLD
THROWS AT THEM.
I WANT TO GO TO THE PYRAMIDS.
I WANT TO GO TO PARIS.
I WANT TO GO UPSTAIRS.
HEY. WHAT ARE THOSE?
TIME MACHINES?
NO. THEY'RE NOT TIME MACHINES.
THE TIME MACHINES ARE
ACTUALLY IN THE SHOP.
THESE ARE MY BIOLOGICALLY
REGULATED ATMOSPHERIC CHAMBERS
WHERE MY BIONIC CREATIONS
LIVE AND SLEEP AND EAT.
WHICH REMINDS ME.
IT'S DINNERTIME.
YEAH!
( beeping )
READY?
( buzzer )
THESE ARE MY PATENTED
PROTEIN PELLETS.
WHATEVER THEY DON'T CATCH
IS TOMORROW'S BREAKFAST.
OKAY. CHASE.
ENEMY GRENADE.
THREE O'CLOCK!
HEY! WHY DOES
HE GET A FORCE FIELD.
AND I DON'T?
'CAUSE IF YOU HAD ONE.
I WOULDN'T BE ABLE TO DO THIS.
OKAY. YOU GUYS TAKE
THE REST OF THE DAY OFF.
I'M GONNA GO SPEAK
AT A TECH CONFERENCE--
BECAUSE I'M AWESOME--
I'M GONNA HAVE
THE SPEEDBOATS DETAILED.
AND THEN I'M GONNA
GO GET WAXED.
DON'T JUDGE ME.
WELL. I BETTER
GET READY FOR SCHOOL.
OOH! I HAVE ALWAYS DREAMED
ABOUT GOING TO SCHOOL.
PASSING NOTES.
GOING TO PROM.
BREAKING INTO CHOREOGRAPHED
DANCE NUMBERS AFTER MATH CLASS.
YEAH. ALL WE DO IS EAT.
SLEEP. AND TRAIN FOR MISSIONS.
WE'RE LIKE HUMAN LAB RATS.
COME ON.
IT CAN'T BE THAT BAD.
( squeaking )
SO. YOU'VE NEVER
LEFT THIS ROOM?
THAT EXPLAINS
THE HAIRCUTS.
I BET SCHOOL'S FUN.
YOU KNOW. EXCEPT FOR BOOKS.
CLASSES. AND LEARNING STUFF.
IT'S NOT FUN WHEN
YOU'RE "THE SMART KID."
WELL. DOWN HERE.
SMART IS CONSIDERED SUPERIOR.
NO. IT'S NOT.
HEY. YOU GUYS SHOULD
COME TO SCHOOL WITH ME!
YOU COULD BE
MY BIONIC BODYGUARDS!
OKAY!
LET'S GO!
I'M IN!
Eddy:
NOT ON MY WATCH.
LASER BRAINS!
AW. SHOOT. WE FORGOT ABOUT
DAVENPORT'S CREEPY COMPUTER.
I THOUGHT IT WAS
JUST IN THE LIVING ROOM!
NOPE! I'M EVERYWHERE.
IN MY SHOWER?!
YEP. AND BY THE WAY.
NOTHING NEEDS
TO BE THAT CLEAN.
SPORT-O.
OKAY. WE NEED TO
SHUT THAT THING OFF.
NEVER GONNA HAPPEN. OKAY?
EDDY IS AN INCREDIBLY COMPLEX
AND SOPHISTICATED
PIECE OF MACHINERY.
IT WOULD TAKE YEARS BEFORE--
OHHH---
AHA! SWEET!
I BARELY GOT
ELECTROCUTED!
OKAY. COME ON.
IF WE'RE GONNA
GO TO SCHOOL.
WE SHOULD SHOWER FIRST.
BECAUSE TWO OF US
REALLY STINK.
( both sniffing )
OHH.
WHOO-HOO-HOO!
YEAH!
( dryer humming )
OH. GREAT. YOU GAVE ME
YOUR UNDERWEAR BY MISTAKE.
GROSS!
WHAT ARE YOU
COMPLAINING ABOUT?
I GOT THE BRA.
WHOA-HO-HO-HO-HO!
OOH!
( giggling )
I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE'RE ACTUALLY AT SCHOOL.
I AM SO EXCITED!
OH. MY FIRST
LUNCH LADY.
SHE SMELLED LIKE
FISH STICKS.
DO ME A FAVOR
AND TRY TO ACT LIKE
YOU'VE SEEN THE WORLD.
I HAVE A REPUTATION
TO UPHOLD HERE.
AHHH!
GOOD TO SEE YOU TOO. STEVE!
HI! I'M BREE!
I LIKE PONIES AND GIRL THINGS.
DID YOU SEE THAT?
I HAVE BESTIES.
I CAN'T WAIT TO
STAB THEM IN THE BACK!
HERE. LITTLE LADY.
LET ME HELP YOU OUT WITH THAT.
ADAM!
WOULD YOU TWO
QUIT GOOFING OFF?
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO NOT
DRAW ATTENTION TO OURSELVES.
( bell rings )
AAAAH! AAAH! AAAH!
( screaming )
WHAT'S UP WITH CRAZY?
HE HAS ULTRA-SENSITIVE
BIONIC HEARING.
WHAT WAS THAT?
IT'S CALLED A BELL.
IT RINGS EVERY 40 MINUTES.
EIGHT TIMES A DAY.
SO...HAVE FUN WITH THAT.
I HATE GYM CLASS.
WHY?
AAAH!
THAT'S WHY.
SO BIG DEAL--
YOU CAN'T PLAY BASKETBALL.
CHESS CLUB'S WHERE
ALL THE ACTION'S AT.
WHAT DO I DO?
THROW IT.
TO SOMEONE WHO'S LOOKING.
WOW! YOU CAUGHT THAT
WITH YOUR FACE!
JUST ONCE I'D LIKE TO
SHOW THESE FOOLS UP
AND GO ALL NBA
IN THEIR FACES.
THEN WHY DON'T YOU?
LOOK AT ME!
THERE'S MORE MEAT
ON A DOG BONE!
YEAH. BUT NOW
YOU HAVE US TO HELP YOU.
HUH?
WAIT--WHAT? NO!!!
THESE ARE MY GOOD DRAWERS!
AAAAAHHH!!!
AAAAH!
OOH.
( cheering )
YEAH. I GOT MAD SKILLS!
YEAH!
HEY. HONEY.
OH. OKAY. SO WE HAVE KIDS
LIVING IN THE BASEMENT.
AND WE WALK ON
THE FURNITURE--
GOT IT.
THE ALARM IN LAB WENT OFF.
EDDY'S BEEN DISABLED.
AND THE KIDS ARE GONE.
THOSE ANIMALS
YANKED MY WIRES!
AND ONE OF 'EM
MANHANDLED
MY MOTHERBOARD!
WHERE ARE THE KIDS?!
OH. I'M SORRY.
WERE YOU TALKING TO ME.
OR THE WIFE YOU
REPLACED ME WITH?!
YOU KNOW. I MIGHT LIKE
A NEW PAIR OF SHOES. TOO!
EDDY!
FINE!
THEY WENT TO SCHOOL
WITH...(sneers)...LEO.
NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO.
THEY CAN'T GO TO SCHOOL--
NOT WITH THEIR GLITCHES!
WHAT...GLITCHES?
BECAUSE THEY'RE HUMAN.
THEIR EMOTIONS CAN TRIGGER
THEIR BIONICS.
IF ONE OF 'EM GETS
A LITTLE NERVOUS OR UPSET
OR EVEN A LITTLE BIT
TOO HAPPY...
UH-HUH?
THEY COULD TAKE OUT EVERYTHING
FROM HERE TO TIJUANA.
WHAT?! YOU DID NOT
MENTION THIS ON
YOUR PROFILE.
COME ON!
Announcement:
ATTENTION. STUDENTS!
THE PEP RALLY IS STARTING.
GO. DINGOES!
Pep cheer:
♪ LET'S GET FIRED UP... ♪
HERE YA GO. BABY.
YOU GUYS ROCK!
EVER SINCE GYM CLASS.
EVERYONE WANTS TO BE MY FRIEND.
AND THERE'S BEEN
A CERTAIN GENTLENESS
TO MY WEDGIES.
IT'S THE LEAST
WE COULD DO.
YOU GAVE US OUR FIRST
TASTE OF FREEDOM.
YEAH. AND OUR FIRST TASTE
OF SALISBURY STEAK. UH. YUM.
WHERE WERE YOU?
COMPUTER LAB.
TAKING MED SCHOOL COURSES.
GUESS WHO JUST
BECAME A CHIROPRACTOR
IN THE PHILIPPINES?
AW. LOOK.
THE DOGGY LIKES ME.
OKAY. DOGGY.
THAT'S ENOUGH.
HEY. I SAID
THAT'S ENOUGH!
HEY. I'M KAVIN.
AREN'T YOU THE GIRL
THAT TRIED TO MAKE ME
EAT A BASKETBALL IN GYM CLASS?
OH! YOU REMEMBERED!
I'M WARNING YOU. DOG.
YOU'RE MESSIN' WITH
THE WRONG GUY!
SO. THERE'S
THIS PARTY TONIGHT.
YOU WANNA GO?
A PARTY?
I'VE NEVER BEEN TO ONE.
I MEAN. YES. I HAVE!
MY WHOLE LIFE'S A PARTY!
YOU'RE INVITED.
WANNA DANCE?
NO!
IT'S MY SALISBURY STEAK!
GRR! GRR!
WHY ARE ADAM'S EYES
TURNING RED?
HEH HEH HEH...
OH. NO!
HIS HEAT VISION!
HIS WHAT?
IT'S A GLITCH.
WHENEVER HE GETS TOO UPSET
HIS HEAT VISION ACTS UP!
Cheerleaders:
♪ WE'RE DINGOES. WE'RE HERE.
THERE'S NOTHING-- ♪
WATCH OUT!
( screaming )
I GOT HER! I GOT HER!
( thud )
OH. OOPS.
OVERSHOT IT. BUT DON'T WORRY.
I KNOW A CHIROPRACTOR
IN THE PHILIPPINES.
( groaning )
I HOPE WE'RE NOT TOO LATE.
DO YOU SMELL SMOKE?
WE'RE TOO LATE.
( fire alarm )
PEOPLE. PEOPLE.
STATISTICS SHOW THAT
IF WE DON'T PANIC.
AT LEAST 70% OF US
WILL MAKE IT OUT ALIVE.
( all screaming )
( screaming continues )
OH. NO!
THEY KILLED DEWEY DINGO!
HEH HEH HEH HEH...
SO...HOW WAS SCHOOL?!
GET IN THE HELICOPTER!
DO YOU REALIZE
WHAT YOU'VE DONE?
I HAD TO WRITE A CHECK
TO THAT SCHOOL FOR 30 GRAND
TO MAKE THIS GO AWAY.
FOR 30 GRAND. I'LL GO AWAY.
WE'RE SORRY.
WE JUST WANTED TO BE
NORMAL FOR A DAY.
OH. COME ON. DONALD.
THEY'RE JUST KIDS.
WHEN I WAS THEIR AGE.
ME AND FIONA MICKLEJOHN.
WE SNUCK AND WE CRASHED--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M NOT HELPING.
LOOK. I DESIGNED YOU GUYS TO GO
ON HIGHLY CLASSIFIED MISSIONS.
NOT TRY OUT FOR
THE CHEERLEADING SQUAD.
OH...WELL.
THERE GOES THAT DREAM.
LOOK. I KNOW
YOU'RE MAD. BIG D.
BUT THESE GUYS PERFORMED
THE IMPOSSIBLE TODAY--
THEY MADE ME POPULAR.
I GOT GAME!
AND I CURED MALE
PATTERN BALDNESS
WITH A BIOLOGY RAT.
OOH! AND I GOT INVITED
TO MY FIRST PARTY!
BY A BOY!
HOW EXCITING!
WE GOTTA GET YOU CLOTHES
AND SHOES. AND WE'LL DO--
AGAIN. NOT HELPING.
THAT'S IT. LEO.
YOU ARE BANNED FROM THE LAB.
AND YOU THREE ARE TO HAVE NO
CONTACT WITH THE OUTSIDE WORLD.
NO TALKING. NO TEXTING.
NO NOTHING.
OOH! WHAT ABOUT
THE LAST ART OF PANTOMIME?
GO TO YOUR TUBES!
SO. DO ALL FUZZY ANIMALS
HAVE GIRLS INSIDE THEM.
OR JUST THE DINGOES?
IF MR. DAVENPORT'S
SUCH A GREAT SCIENTIST.
THEN HOW COME
I'M NOT A LITTLE STRONGER
AND YOU'RE NOT A LOT SMARTER?
I DON'T KNOW...
BUT DOES THIS HURT?
OHH!
NOW I'M NEVER
GONNA HAVE A BOYFRIEND.
GUESS I'LL JUST KEEP
FAKE-KISSING THAT WALL.
OH. WE'VE ALL DONE IT!
LEO. WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO BE DOWN HERE!
I KNOW. BUT YOU KNOW THAT PARTY
EVERYONE AT SCHOOL'S
BEEN TALKING ABOUT?
IT'S IN YOUR LIVING ROOM!!!
♪♪
DO THE LEO! DO THE LEO!
NOW JUST THE SEXY PEOPLE!
WHOO!
YEAH!
LEO. I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU DID THIS!
YEAH. I OWED YOU GUYS.
AND SINCE YOU COULDN'T GO.
I BROUGHT THE PARTY HERE.
CHEESE CURL?
WHAT ABOUT
YOUR MOM AND DAVENPORT?
THEY'RE AT DINNER.
THEY'LL BE GONE FOR HOURS.
( beeping )
JIMMY. GET YOUR HEAD
OUT OF HERE. IT'S A MICROWAVE.
KAVIN!
IS THAT THING THROBBING?
YEAH!
AND IF IT'S NOT BETTER
BY MONDAY. THEY'RE GONNA
DRAIN IT.
CAREFUL THERE. BUDDY.
THAT PIECE OF CAKE
HAS APPROXIMATELY
47 GRAMS OF SUGAR.
IF YOU EAT IT. YOU'LL BE
BOUNCING OFF THE WALLS
FOR HOURS.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
'CAUSE I JUST HAD
12 PIECES!
WHOO-HOO!
RAAHHHH!
( shouting continues )
WHOO-HOO!
WHAT THE--
( horn honking )
HEY. YOU'RE BACK!
HOW DID THESE PEOPLE
GET HERE?!
YOU ARE IN BIG TROUBLE.
MISTER.
HEY. EVERYBODY!
THANKS FOR COMING.
GET OUT!!!
( door closes )
YOU KIDS HAVE
REALLY DONE IT THIS TIME.
AND WHO GAVE EDDY CAKE?!
I JUST WANTED THEM TO HAVE
ONE MORE NIGHT OF FUN
BEFORE YOU PUT THEM BACK
IN THEIR DISPLAY CASES.
BIOLOGICALLY REGULATED
ATMOSPHERIC CHAMBERS.
LOOK. THE FUN'S OVER.
AS OF TOMORROW.
YOU'RE ALL BEING
RELOCATED PERMANENTLY.
WHAT?
WHAT PART OF
"NO CONTACT WITH
THE OUTSIDE WORLD"
DID YOU NOT UNDERSTAND?
WHERE ARE WE GOING?
TO ONE OF MY REMOTE
RESEARCH FACILITIES
WHERE YOU CAN
COMPLETE YOUR TRAINING.
BUT THIS IS HOME.
THIS IS WHERE I GET
MY MEATY-FLAVORED PELLETS.
NOT ANYMORE.
NOW GO DOWNSTAIRS
AND PACK YOUR STUFF.
THIS ISN'T FAIR.
THEY'RE MY BEST FRIENDS.
DONALD. WHEN ARE YOU
GOING TO REALIZE THAT
THEY'RE NOT JUST
SCIENCE PROJECTS?
THEY'RE TEENAGERS.
ANY CHANCE WE CAN
SHIP HER OFF. TOO?
NO!
OKAY. JUST CHECKING.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS IS
OUR LAST NIGHT IN THE LAB.
I THINK LEO'S
REALLY GONNA MISS US.
YEAH. ME TOO.
THINK WE SHOULD
WAKE HIM  UP?
NO. LET HIM SLEEP.
BUT HE'S DROOLING
ON MY SOCKS.
♪♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org